# Marksheet-Generator
Marksheet Generator using Java , Applet , Object Oriented Programming, Simple code without any complexity.

The Marks sheet Generator System will help the user to generate a Progress Marks sheet of students. The System takes input from user of student’s exam & result information and displays the total marks scored in each subjects in both (separate subjects and also total marks with percentage). To simply put, system is to provide the mark-sheet for marks based marks sheet generating system in user friendly and secure manner. It will help the user to calculate the percentage of students using their marks as input data in the project. The Marks sheet Generator is flexible for generating progress mark sheet of students. This system allows the digital automation of the mark-sheets of the students. We are able to see the individual candidate’s results separately. The system is targeted to small enterprises, schools, colleges and universities. . The Program generates and shows the total of student marks along with the percentage % in properly listed manner. The project aims at developing a marks sheet generation system which can be used in universities, schools and users to calculate the distribution of digitally verifiable student result mark sheets. The system takes the students’ results information as input and generates the mark sheets in ‘applet’ which is quick and fast in nature and it can run in any system which can run Java. The project is made up of pure coding in JAVA, HTML languages using Applet library, (Abstract Window Toolkit) AWT library etc.


